Legal First Name = Farrukh
Legal Last Name = Karimov
Primary Email = karimov.farrux@list.ru
One phone number is required*
  Mobile Phone :  +79964980868 
  Use this number to call me : Mobile Phone.

Address Information
Please enter your address information.
    Type : Mailing
    This is my default address
    Street Address : Vyazemskiy per. 5-7
    Country : Russia Federation
    City : Saint-Petersburg
    Postal Code : 197022

Please enter any university education experience you have and details.
    University : ITMO University
    Start Date : 09/01/2017
    Expected Graduation Date : 06/01/2021
    I am currently enrolled here : yes
    Degree : Bachelors of Science
    Major 1 : Computer Science

Employment
Please add any relevant work experience.
    I don't have any work experience
    
Citizenship / Permanent Residency
Please enter your country of permanent residency and country of citizenship.
    Country : Tajikistan
    Legal Status : Citizen

Language
Please enter any languages you speak and your proficiency of each
    Language --- Spoken Language Proficiency
    Russian      native or bilingual
    Persian      native or bilingual
    English      limited

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
General Questions
Have you previously applied to Amazon or any Amazon subsidiary or affiliate? 
  no
Have you previously been employed by Amazon or any Amazon subsidiary or affiliate?
  no

Are you subject to a non-competition agreement or other agreement which would preclude or 
restrict your employment at Amazon or any Amazon subsidiary or affiliate? *
  No
If offered employment by Amazon, would you be legally eligible to begin employment immediately? 
  no
Do you need, or will you need in the future, any immigration-related support or sponsorship from
Amazon in order to begin or continue employment with Amazon?
  no
If you are currently located in the US, please indicate your current U.S. immigration status/visa 
and type of sponsorship required (if known):
  F-1 - Student Visa  - yes
  If currently in F-1 status, would you require Curricular Practical Training authorization from a university?
    no
    If no, have you applied for Optional Practical Training (OPT) work authorization?
       no
Are you a current or former employee of any government (including any governmental entities at the federal/national, state/provincial, and local levels and including publicly funded institutions)? *
  Never
  
Information provided in support of this application, including but not limited to my resume or CV and the above information, is true and correct. I understand that false statements or material omissions of any kind during the hiring process may result in denial of employment or discharge. *
    By checking this box, I confirm my understanding
I understand that nothing contained in this employment application or interview process is intended to create an employment contract between Amazon and me and that no representation or promise regarding the duration of the termination of employment with Amazon is authorized or binding unless contained in a written document signed by an officer of Amazon. *
    By checking this box, I confirm my understanding
Data Retention Agreement: By submitting your CV you authorize Amazon to store your information in the Amazon.com group of companies' world-wide recruitment database for the purpose of assessing your suitability for this and future vacancies. * 
    By checking this box, I confirm my understanding
      
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Job Specific Questions
  What Amazon location are you interested in working at?
    1 - Phoenix, Arizona
    2 - Portland, Oregon
    3 - boston massachusetts
What is your preferred start date? (Date Format: MM/DD/YYYY) 
    07/15/2019
Are you currently enrolled at an international university, but participating in a study abroad program in the US? 
    no
Have you taken the Amazon Full-Time Online Assessment in the past 6 months?
    no





